hey how's it going Dave 2d here this is
lenovo's legion y 7:30 this is their
kind of mid to your gaming laptop I did
a video on a product of theirs
two or three months ago called the y5 30
that's kind of like their entry level
this is a improved version of the y5 30
so a lot of the things that I didn't
love about the y5 30
this thing has fixed it's a little bit
more expensive it's eleven or twelve
hundred dollars and well let's get right
into it
the design aesthetic of this thing is
very similar to the y5 30 it's a very
clean look doesn't have any red gamer
accents or anything like that I feel
like lenovo has moved beyond that whole
red gamer stuff it's just a very muted
and more professional looking gaming
laptop now this device is aluminum the
top panel is aluminum the keyboard deck
is aluminum the main chassis is aluminum
it's a much more well-built version of
their entry level gaming device now
there are some plastic components still
like the back part of the hinge is still
plastic and the bottom panel is also a
kind of Polycarbon material it looks
like it would be aluminum but it is
plastic I've also noticed that this
bottom panel is a lot easier to remove
than the y5 13 i think it's because like
the plastic clips that hold it into
place they clip into the metal chassis
so it just feels more secure you don't
feel like you're snapping anything when
you're opening it up and yeah now when
you're inside you have access to the
Wi-Fi card the two nephron shattered
drive the nvme and you also have access
to the RAM slots Corsair is partnered
with Lenovo so you can get RAM that's
running up to 3200 megahertz the battery
is also slightly bigger not by a lot
it's still only a 57 watt hour battery
and I'm only going around four hours of
battery life on this device so again
like the Y 530 you do need to bring your
charger with you if you want to go the
full day now the ports are on the back
again which I like you kind of keep the
ports and extra cables and peripherals
out of the way and this time around you
also get a Thunderbolt 3 port which is
something that I feel was lacking from
the Y 530 it may not be important to a
lot of people but if you want to upgrade
this thing to have like external GPU
capabilities or just future connectivity
I feel like that Thunderbolt 3 port is
really useful it just I feel like it
just gives this thing extended life down
the road the rest of the device hasn't
changed much celery still has great
performance with the six core i7 and
et x 1050 TI pushes out excellent frame
rates and games you get a thin bezel
screen and I think it's one of the best
features of this device that cleaner
design aesthetic it still has the webcam
on the bottom of the laptop but in terms
of the specs I think you actually get a
really good value with the Y series both
the Y 5:30 and the Y 7:30 the keyboard
is actually changed a little bit as well
not that the Y 530 had a bad keyboard
but the layouts a little bit different
there's macro keys on the Y 730 and
there's no number pad on the Y 730 the
number pad is something that I rarely
use on laptops but I know that some of
you guys are quite fond of it there's a
couple other things the trackpad buttons
on this machine they're much quieter and
have a better feel to the click compared
to the Y 530 and the speakers they're
also improved there's still laptop
speakers but they sound noticeably
better to me and there's also RGB
lighting on this laptop that the 530
didn't have and I will say that this
thing surprised me not the fact that
I've had RGB lighting but I think it has
the industry best in lighting so before
this device I would say that the razor
blade or just any of the Razer laptops
have the best lighting in the RGB
keyboard space and RGB lighting on
laptops and stuff these guys do it
better so this is why the software that
they're using for this is done by course
or at least it's done in partnership of
course here and of course there knows a
thing or two about RGB lighting it's
bright LEDs individually lit and they've
done it in a way that's really user
friendly the software is quite intuitive
and they also have under glow lighting
or like side lighting and there's a
single RGB light region in the logo that
you can change and I think it's
something that lenovo did really well I
mean they could have gone ham and just
lit this thing up like crazy but it
feels subtle enough that if you wanted
to you can kind of mute all the lights
and just bring this thing to work as a
regular laptop I will say though that as
as cool as this stuff looks and as much
praise as I'm giving their lighting
system keep in mind that it is just RGB
lights right you'll get bored of it over
time I think most people just kind of
use it for a while set it to things that
kind of entertain them for a while but
it loses its novelty over time so don't
make that the only reason why you
purchased this device the gaming
performance is really strong it's not
any different from the Y 530 at least
not that I could tell and the thermals
are also quite good the fans don't get
crazy loud or anything it's a good
overall product especially for the price
and I guess the million-dollar question
is is this worth it like is this product
a better pickup or better purchase over
the y5 30 and I think that I mean if
you're on a really tight budget and you
only have 900 or $800 to spend then you
can't even get this the y5 30 is a way
to go between the two but I feel like
this is a product that will last longer
like it's just built better it has
better quality materials and the RGB
lighting does look pretty cool I feel
like with gaming laptops there's usually
two kind of main categories you have
cheaper plastic devices and you have
more expensive aluminum devices this
product kind of crosses that barrier
it's not a super expensive gaming laptop
yet it's built really well it's build
better than you would expect considering
its price point so if that's what you're
looking for something that's kind of mid
tier that has a bigger focus on build
quality instead of just raw performance
at that price you should check this out
because it's pretty money okay hope you
guys enjoyed this video thumbs we liked
it subs if you loved it see you guys
next time
[Music]